Project: Group project 04 Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting
Persons present: All project members were present
Place and date of Meeting: C55, Friday 23rd October 2015
Circulation list: All project members, project manager
Author: Tino Joseph Garapasi
Date of minutes: 23rd October
Version 1.0

Matters arising
===============

Chris Loftus said today, 23rd of October is the official beginning of the Group Project.


ACTION: Tom Oram
1.a).  Chris Loftus reminded the QA manager that the minutes have to conform to the specified standard and that he will start making a periodical audit of the minutes.
b). Tom to complete the introduction and bibliography section of Friday deliverables.
c). Tom to be in charge of risk analysis.

ACTION: Michal
2). Michal 4.1 Applications in the system deliverable handover.

ACTION: Tino
3). Tino 4.2 Application interactions deliverable handover.

ACTION: Adam
4). 5.1 use-case deliverable handover.

ACTION: Will
5). a). 5.2 user interface design deliverable handover.
b). To begin going through section 5.1 and 5.2 of Testing specification in collaboration with Tom Mills.

ACTION: Tom Mills
6). a). To begin going through section 5.1 and 5.2 of Testing specification in collaboration with Will.

Java sub group gave a report on what they have done. Michal suggested to sub divide the Java group further into GUI & underlying services. 

ACTION: Josh
7).a). Joshua to double check on standard specifications.
b). Joshua to setup an online spreadsheet.

ACTION: Luke 
8).a). Luke to update the Gantt Chart.
b). Luke to update everyone on the meeting location.

ACTION: EVERYONE
10). Chris told us to reference the requirements on each and every deliverable so as not to veer off course.