Project: Group Project 12
Meeting: Weekly: Review meeting
Persons present: All people present apart from Tom Oram
Place and date of meeting: 1.6.1, Wednesday 25th November 2015
Circulation List: All project members present apart from Tom Oram
Author: Thomas Mills
Date of minutes: 25th November 2015
Version 1.0


Matters Arising
===============

We had a response from our enquirey to nigel explaining that we will loose marks for
security if we did not have an API from TaskerCLI. We then taked about ways that we 
can still have the same security with still connecting over JDBC. 

Michal showed the group the diagram for the significant classes explaining to the rest
of the group the structure of the classes for TaskerCLI


Action: 
1. Tino to read up on JSON and report back to the group. 

Action:
2. Tom 2 to add spike programming narative.

Action: 
3. Luke to swap the words and/is around in the change user part of the deliverable document. 


New Business
===============

No new business, just to complete tasks for the next deliverable. 

AOB
===============
N/A
