Project: Group project 12
Meeting: Group leader organised meeting
Persons present: All group members were present
Place and date of meeting: Think tank, Monday, 19th October 2015
Circulation list: All project members
Author: Tom Oram
Date of minutes: 19th October
Version 3.0

Matters arising
================
1. Tino gave us his proposed system and we discussed it, giving our views and what we thought
2. Remaining presentations were given.
3. Provisional subteams were decided. The TaskerSRV subteam will compose of Will, Tino, Michal & Tom Mills. The TaskerMAN subteam will compose of Will, Tino & Luke. The TaskerCLI subteam will compose of Josh, Adam, Michal and Tom Mills.

Action: luj9
4. Luke needs to email Nigel about what we need to put into our group gitHub and also ask if there are flair marks awarded
5. Luke needs to also look into booking a room for our future meetings and organise the PhP subgroup
6. Luke needs to make documents both for diciplinary and incentives and the resulting outcome if someone meets either criteria

Action: mwg2
7. Michal is going to organise the sub groups for future meetings, this involves the Java and Databases sub groups 

Action: adn2
8. Adam needs to make a prototype of the interface of our database
9. Adam needs to complete documents 5.1 and 5.2

Action: tig, mwg2
10. Tino and Michal needs to complete documents 4.1, 4.2

Action: tho4
11. Tom Oram needs to complete all other document for the first hand-in and also check everyone elses submitted work is correct
