Project: Group Project 12. 
Meeting: Weekly: Weekly meeting with project manager. 
Persons present: All people present 
Place and date of meeting: C55, Friday 27th November 2015
Circulation List: All project members present
Author: Thomas Mills
Date of minutes: 27th November 2015.
Version 1.0


Matters Arising
===============

At the start of the meeting we delivered the detailed design deliverable to the project
leader.
Luke also noted that he will be giving a tutorial on how to use Latex for any group members
that are still having problems with it. 



Action: 
1. Luke to change 'TaskMember' to 'TeamMember' in the deliverable.

Action: 
2. Michal finish syncer for the TaskerCLI prototype. 

Action: 
3. Luke: PHP meeting wednesday 1pm (room not booked).

Action: 
4. Java team, group meeting next week 11am Think tank.


New Business
===============

We need to find out where we will deploy the TaskerSRV database.
 
Need to merge TaskerCLI prototype with our main repository on github. 


AOB
===============
N/A