Project: Group Project 07
Meeting: Weekly: project meeting
Persons present: All group members were present
Place and date of meeting: C55, Friday 20th November 2015
Circulation List: All project members present including project manager
Auther: Tom Oram
Date of minutes: 20th November 2015
Version 1.0

Matters Arising
===============

1. Today we reviewed the first deliverable feedback and discussed what needed to be compelted in order to boost the grade we ahcieved.

ACTION:
2. Tino needs to update his hours worked on the group project.

ACTION:
3. Michal said he would be able to test our first deliverable for the feedback we recieved today.

ACTION:
4. Luke needs to email Nigel about direct communication over the database is ok and also inquire about sorting.

ACTION:
5. Tom Mills needs to look into using the SPIKE program for our next deliverable and for our next meeting on Wednesday.


New Business
============

6. Luke informed us all during the meeting today that he would like a review meeting on Wednesday (25th November 2015) so that we can review our progress for th upcoming deliverable

AOB
=============
7. By Wednesday we need atleast a rough copy of everyones designated tasks for the deliverable Friday (27th November 2015) so that we can dicuss everyones current state of the deliverable.
