Project: Group project 01 Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting
Persons present: All project members were present
Place and date of Meeting: C55, Friday 9th October 2015
Circulation list: All project members, project manager
Auther: Tom Oram
Date of minutes: 10th October
Version 1.0

Matters arising
===============

ACTION: tho4
1. Today Tom Oram was elected to take the minutes

ACTION: tig  
2. Next Tino said he would make a facebook account so that we can all talk on the group chat  
3. Tino also volunteered himself to sort the group GitHub account out 
4. Tino has a presentation on user interface for web side
ACTION: mwg2
5. Micheal volunteered To sort an email to organize when everyone is free for face to face meetings 
6. Presentation to be done next week on Design
 
7. We all said that we can communicate through facebook and therefore will be our main way of talking 
 
8. We also need to email loftus our updated blog (our choice) but wordpress was mentioned and make sure that it is only one post a week and no more than 80 hours total 
 
9. Make sure we have all read the project, briefly atleast so that we are all aware of what must be done 
 
10. Next week we will probably be deciding our roles within the tea, 
 
11. We decided that sometime in the future we will organize a meeting to show the team what we are working on and also what progress we are making so that we can summarize our overall progression 

ACTION: luj9
12. Luke is doing a presentation on project planning

ACTION: tam15
13. Tom is doing a presentation on testing

ACTION: jom47
14. Josh has a presentation on review standards

ACTION: wij5
15. William has a presentation on operational procedures

ACTION: adn2
16. Adam has a presentation on java design for the web

 
 
